Created by Dallin Stewart and Benjamin McMullin
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dallinstewart/


Welcome.

Meet A.V.A. The Advanced Vehicle Analytics application for the BYU Formula E club.
A.V.A. is a dashboard that show vehicle and driving data collected from an array of sensors
designed to collect everything from tire speed to steering wheel angle. In addition to
providing advanced analytics and feedback, A.V.A. visualizing this driving information in a way
that is easy to understand and acquire insight from.
The name elegantly captures the contribution this dashboard provides to the engineering challenge
of electric car racing, and is also a pop culture reference to Ava from Ex Machina.


Instructions for Download

You'll need to start by downloading plotly and dash with these commands:
    pip install plotly
    pip install dash
You can then clone this project to your own machine from GitHub.
    Here's how.


Instructions for Use

Running:
    After downloading, run the dash app by running the DisplayDash.py file, then clicking on the
local host link that appears in the command line.
Buttons:
    The buttons along the top allow you to select with line graphs to display. The program defaults
to all of the charts, and clicking on a button once will hide the corresponding chart.
Radio Buttons:
    The Expanded option is the default option, and displays all of the chart in full dimension.
The Condensed option displays all of the charts small enough to fit everything on one screen
as long as you are already in full screen on your computer.
Charts:
    Each chart displays the data from the sensor as described on the y-axis on the right and the
legend on the left with respect to time on the x-axis. The tick marks, values, and lines are hidden
to reduce clutter on the display. Hovering over the curve will display the time and value at that
point as desired.
Slider:
    Allows you to select the time at which you would like to view instantaneous values.
Speedometer:
    Displays instantaneous speed at the selected time.
Pedals:
    Bar chart that displays the pressure on the brake pedal acceleration pedal at the selected time.
Steering Wheel:
    Animation that displays the angle of the steering wheel at the selected time.
Additional Data:
    Displays the instantaneous values of the rest of the sensors and the selected time at the selected
time.

FAQ:
1. If you click on something and nothing happens, wait a few seconds before retrying in case AVA
    is still loading.


Instructions for Modifications

Dash and plotly both have lots of great documentation. If you have questions, contact the creators
at dallinpstewart@gmail.com or message me on LinkedIn. Hopefully the docstring and comments I left
are enough to figure out what each function does.